The goal:
We need a script which would behave as a fancy dice roll sets generator.

Requirements:
1. The code which solves the problem should be contained within a github repository. Do not fork the original repository (i.e., this one).
2. Each point in the specs section is a separate iteration. This means you have to wrap each iteration in a separate commit. Resetting the repository to a given commit (`git reset --hard shaID`) means that the code works according to the given implementation of the specs.
3. The code has to be readable and well organized. Performance is not a factor. Not complying strictly to the specs is a disqualification.

General constraints:
1. It is extremly important not to change the order of the rolls.
2. When it's not specified, we roll k20.

Specs:

1. Please write a script called `dice_roller.rb`. When launched using shell (`ruby dice_roller.rb`) it should display a randomly generated number from 1-20 range. Imagine this as rolling a twenty sided dice (k20).
2. In this iteration, running the `dice_roller.rb` should return 5 randomly generated numbers (five dice rolls).
However, the script should obtain the set by initially generating 7 dice rolls and excluding the highest and the lowest ones! It is extremly important not to change the order of the numbers.
3. The script should generate the sets as long as the sum of the 5 randomly generated numbers is higher than 55.
However the rolls dropped by satisyfing specification in the point 2) should not count to the `at least 55 rule`!
4. In this iteration we would like to perforam additional roll, which would be appended to the set as last. Again, this should not count for the `at least 55 rule`.
5. Before performing the roll specified in the point 2) generate a random number from within 1 - 30 range (i.e., roll a k30). If the result is contained within the 1-7 range (included), perform another k30 roll. Then if the result of additional roll is 1, write a logic which changes the behavior of throwing away the highest and the lowest numbers mentioned in the point 2) to: exclude two lowest numbers from the set.
6. Use the results of k30 dice rolls, specified in the point 5) to do the following: if the first roll is within the 1-7 range (included), and the second roll is within 24-30 (included), then the additional roll specified in the point 4) (aka "the sixth one") should always equal to 25.
7. In this interation, running the `dice_roller.rb` script should display the following: "Your randomly generated set: #{results}. Are you happy?" and the input prompt. Entering anything than "YES!" restarts the script.
8. Bonus iteration: refactor the code using reccurency.
